that day I had to take an anxiolytic
man I had anxiety that day and it was
such a huge rush that then when the
ants leave and you're left You just have to
manage it And then the
whole world came down on me and the moment it
disappears everyone appears Juan
chapter of the phone
is not this video or is it true I'm saying it
man so I don't screw it up because we have
a lot of issues tonight Albert Domenech
tells the whole truth about what happened
in Malaga with the youtubers there's no click it's
not worth it okay It's that I couldn't see anything
because yesterday when I was thinking of
twerking and resting the
Joan Planas thing started to happen and I felt
obliged to do the live show that I did there's
a wonderful moment of yours it's with all due
respect it's in Malaga
having a coffee and you looking there as if to
say where am I man I mean it's the
typical photo that you put when you're in the
wrong place and you don't know how to leave
Lord Lord charismatic I'm only going to tell you
when I left that
clandestine meeting at the strip club between
the youtubers and Antonio David
Yes because this is increasingly taking on
shades that  in the end it's going to be that we
were in I don't know where no every month he
exaggerates the story more eh That's why I
tell you I went to Malaga with my father my
father You think he would get on my channel
to tell what happened in Malaga my father gets
on and my father
my father gives me the followers
because my father is like you my father
has no filter nor my father
filter my father had worked as a
harasser uncle in the port of Barcelona
these people don't talk to little girls man
no no no no Excuse me yes excuse me I
will speak to your father and we will not open a
channel that will be called two morons for
Barcelona okay but but use another
word okay okay
And then there's my father there
but yes because they are going to denounce him no
this man I mean he could be
writing me a message telling me if for this you
give two slaps to this one I mean to say
that this man is hot-blooded
Well then this man left Of course
because I told him dad Wait for me they have
summoned you here to I don't know what a larre I
don't know if we're going to have an orgy or we're going
to I don't know what we're going to do because  I didn't
want to go It's that I didn't want to go my name was
Oliveira very uncomfortable the
photo Well in fact we have analyzed the
photo sometimes live here no but in
the photo you can't see him uncomfortable let's
see that photo where is that photo
I have it in no I don't think I had that photo
I uploaded it on Instagram no Well
I'm looking there you know you remind me
a lot of Jurassic Park I mean you like the
caretaker and full of rare species
as if saying what am I doing here man I'm
leaving no Look, the only thing I only
remember from this afternoon is
raising my hand and asking
the waiter for jelly beans
Jelly beans every moment
from the waiter you know it's true it's true no no he made it up it was
n't made up
when I left my father asks me how are you
And I said how are you I'm
going to come out scalded all over the
place
I had it clear man But not for nothing
but because I know how to make an assessment
of what the concentration was and all
that I feel comfortable but then there's
a part that unintentionally no what is
sold is this idea of ​​a coven not the
idea of  Antonio David come the
disciples over here whip
and I know that you've criticized me And truly
I deserve it sometimes It's that I
can tell you this that Antonio David has told me
then
Antonio David has never told me what he had to
say ever but that day I did have
a little bit of the feeling that maybe there
were pending accounts that didn't concern
me and that I was there a little bit
already binge binge of
gummy bears with total because Well I think it
lasts a little bit longer and they have to
take me to the hospital suddenly
you know there in Malaga to have my
stomach pumped but when I came out my
father says to me how are you red I I I such I
told him they're
going to give me up to even the DNI And what's
more and I told him and they haven't taken a photo
and that photo is going to be in As and that's
how it was man and that's how it was the photo came out in
the wing or is it referring to
martarico's But you said a very
good phrase like in the plan of the photo that was
like in plan of saying come here my
puppies When I say your
cookies  that you have behaved well It's not that
no it hadn't been like that I mean no he couldn't
think I'm saying I'm not saying he can't
think and I can understand that with
that photo there are people who think that I can
understand I mean being critical
if I go out and tell my father I'm going to get
beaten up it's because I already see deep
down that something could
grate on me something else is how it has been
degenerating I couldn't give a docu-series what
happened in Malaga
for a nice video yes
the videos have already come out and there are my images me
eating at five thirty in the afternoon
because he hadn't let me eat not even God
is true eating true It's true I did
n't eat I think I had a bite at the bar and
Antonio David's sister
asked me to eat and he said aren't you going to
eat I told him I have to go that
your brother is waiting for me and
the wife had asked me poor thing how ugly they
tell him true but the thing is that I had to go
is that I had to go I felt really
bad has anything like that ever happened to us
Antonio's sister asked me there was a
hamburger there  I'm nervous to eat I
asked you for a hamburger I mean but why
did he ask me now if I have to
go and of course and I had to go I
had to go and Albert says I'm going
to eat I'm going to eat the hamburger No
no it's that he was already eating he
sat down inside and was eating I'm nervous I
say I'm going to leave Juanca asking me for my
phone number that in my life there is no one who
has asked me for my phone number so
insistently I wish the girls at the
club had asked me for my
phone number so insistently and I
wanted to eat that Frankfurt that
was already cold and when I took the first
bite he called the apartment saying come on
Where is it we're waiting
look you idiot he stuck his head out
because he thought you were waiting for me
outside the bar no no we're in a
hotel take the car I mean I was
towed all all this So I don't
regret what I said or making the
video or anything because in the end I've
seen myself a thousand times and I think I'm in
the position of a journalist And such But It's
true that the image  better than it
turned out we were
missing the masks not one with the
plus one it looks like a group of course it
looks like a group of came here I'm going to
give you a video for having come to
Malaga you know it was a little strange because it was
like everyone together you know everyone in the same I
mean and each one of us could have
different opinions yes it gave me
the impression a little bit that we have to
act as if we were all a pineapple and
pretend that we all had the same opinion eh you
know without bad intention or anything but a
little if it looks like that it seems like that no
then of course seeing that he didn't even want to
come seeing he could have come to the
famous interview of discord Albert
was also invited Antonio David
when he called me he told me that the
interview was for me for the other one and
for Albert and I think lapidary or I don't know
if I asked for it I mentioned it later and
then we put it in I don't remember how it
was okay But he mentioned me When I saw it I
remember perfectly the first time I
opened with Antonio I saw on the phone
Look at Juanca's Twitter I didn't remember
Juanca anymore man I didn't remember the
huanca keeps on making videos that
man I don't understand I don't understand he says
tonight more than ever I have seen with my
own eyes that there are wolves
disguised as lambs that kill them in
silence and they are so clumsy that they do it in
public
that they kill them in silence and they do it in
public that this man is speaking
how do you interpret it
was an exchange There yes yes yes yes yes
the only perversion was mine with
those teddy bears in fact if I go back to
Malaga the first place I go is to
that bar to tell the waiter four
servings of those teddy bears that are there I
think they drugged me man I maybe they
even put drugs in my colao
in front of Antonio David man I drank a
coke I think a coke and me who am
normally already excited man with
a coke I was going like goats but
when I saw something let's not leave
this as the end the concentration
during the day was beautiful you felt
very loved
with the people if between the youtubers
there were hints all the time dear I
couldn't do it live that day because
I didn't have it I'm telling you in  I seriously
think I was unprofessional that day I am
self-critical I was unprofessional
Because I didn't know how to manage the affection of
the people with Well I came here to
do a job no but it's that they
avoid me overwhelmed and people you know what
happens also that I arrived later
so I understand that each one had
already had their particular bath of masses and
I at that moment that I arrived I was the
novelty Not because I was more loved
or anything but because I arrived I arrived
last So I didn't know how to manage
that if the only photo they
had asked me was for me to take
that day if they didn't ask me for 200 or ten and
that I had to manage it well they that
day that day I had to take an
anxiolytic man
I know that day I get anxious now
seriously no no no no it's not a joke but I
believe you because in the end let's see what
people think it doesn't matter who was there
because it's that if 500 it doesn't matter but you
put yourself in the lion's den were you
aware Of course I got anxious man
I wasn't used to
people stopping me taking pictures it was
such a big rush that later when
ants leave and you stay You just have to
manage it And then the
whole world came down on me
and the moment it disappears
everyone appears Juan Camilo from the
phoneno of
course then of course that's when you realize how
lonely you are Not currently
what you say take the lexatin the lexatin
I'm serious and I think I
swallowed the lexatin conclusion I think I
was drugged and with a lexatin to the
meeting of Malaga yes yes they want it
as a headline then let them finish
putting it
I love it or the reason
with gummy bears no Antonia was responsible I think it's
wonderful please Look I
never want to be in magazines but
get this out please Marina did you take this out
Marina take this out they drugged me with
gummy bears no man I was with the lexatin
with the coke with the gummy bears of course
man me me me why was my father
but it's that I would have I would have
burned Malaga I mean that night That
night I am alone and I appear I appear on all
the covers but not exactly because of the
concentration as I say seriously I
start burning containers and all a
Catalan  pro-independence activist burning
containers
[Laughs]
if you would go again if tomorrow there was
another rally, yes, with your eyes
closed, I think, I think we have to be there, let's see, I
think that, just kidding,
a journalist has to always be in
places where there is news and I
would have gone to the opening of the
Rocío Jurado museum and I didn't go because,
professionally, I couldn't. And if the
company tells me, do we give importance to
this? We'll send you. I'm delighted with
Rocío Jurado, with the opening of the museum,
I lacked nothing there, eh, with the
blindfolds, what happens is that they couldn't see, right? It
caught me the next day, I think, from
my eye operation and it
caught me the next day that I couldn't see,
little Chinese dragon, I say, so I make an
effort, I don't know what, but no, no, there was no
way, it wasn't viable, not a chance. I believe that
to tell things you have to live them
like that, we're not cheating a little bit,
you're like a war journalist,
but from the heart, yes, Ukraine, don't send me,
man. But anyway,
four boxes of Lexatin, yes, I
really do, when I see that
something is getting complicated, a Lex answers. And
So why did I say it like that because I
believe that to tell things you have to
live them And then sometimes if we don't
we cheat a little No what happened
that day well this magazine says well no no no no no no no no no no no
you what
people can see Karismán in this one I haven't
seen the whole thing eh the first bit
that I saw It's that yesterday I couldn't see
anything but you can really see him maybe he was
with the one with whom he had the most chemistry with
the guest I haven't been able to see it man I'll
put it on when I go in the car in one of
these because I'm maybe on my way to
my cousin's [ __ ] my sister's [ __ ] or
one of these you know some
long album actually no
[Music]